Hi I'm Jeremy Pang
I own a school in Covent Garden called School of Wok
we're right around the corner from
London Chinatown
it's amazing being so close to Chinatown
because this so much stuff that you can
get there
we can go to one of the supermarkets, the
fish market pick up our stuff
and cook up a storm here at school
everything's about simplicity
I'm really breaking down the basic
techniques
its Chinese Unchopped
Stir Fry Black Bean Beef in Beer
that twist gives it a fresh flavour
the balance of bitter sweet from the
malt
really really help brings out the flavour of the ginger
the black bean, the garlic we're goning to wok fry this so we're going to get this straight
into smoking hot wok and
beef in, a good brown colour and then when
the liquid
the beer and the oyster sauce does in
vigorously boil in that wok, if you want to get yourself a super light wok
head over to SeeWoo in Chinatown on
Lile Street
they've got an amazing basement full of equipment if you want to get yourself a
school of wok branded wok,
come into the shop you can find it here
fine slices of beef here, rump steak, little bit of marbling
not too much, just just to give that sort of
flavour and moisture
we need to marinade this up so we've got some
double deluxe soya sauce, light soya sauce essentially
with no added MSG. we've got some sesame oil
and then the added options of a pinch of five spice
cap full of rice wine
and one pinch of sugar
corn flour just a spoon ful
and really get your hands into it
give it a good massage and that corn flour basically is
going to leave a creamy colour around the
meat, when it hits the pan it will help to brown
the meat
also have to sip into the sauce and
thicken the sauce a little bit
and if you leave the meat to marinade overnight, it will
sucke up by the beef now, so it's ready to gol that sources me missus
being set up by the beef now it's ready
to go
next up but you've got your black beans.
fermented, preserved black beans, it's fermented, preserved in a salt solution
and then dried
so we need about a tea spoon or two
in to the garlic, a little bit of salt
not for flavour, just to help
crush through and bring the moisture of the garlic out, you're going to crush it
lightly with a little teaspoon just
with the end of the teaspoon
and that makes your lightly crushed
black bean paste I've got some finely sliced
onions and mixed peppers as well so
when it hits the pan could cook
really quickly, lastly we've got the
sauce that goes on top
really simple the company is a really nice
and powerful
so we're going to use about 1 to 2 tablespoons of that and then we're going to top it up
with some beer, right so we're at wok
I've got my plate or set up with what we
call the wok clock
so we've got the onions at 12 o'clock, peppers at roughly three
I'm going to talk you through it, onions first
then ginger, then your peppers, then
you're black bean mix
and then beef last stir fry that
good flash fry and then
sauce that goes on top and your garnish,
simple as that
right I'm gonna get my wok to a real
smoking point
oil has to be smoking hot right
onions in given a good fry through
ginger
too much dry smoke
needs a wok toss, quick flick upwards but don't lose your sizzle, straight back
on the heat, peppers, push your
onions aside bring them over the top
of your peppers
don't want to overcook your vegetables so push that to the back
ingredient
little bit of oil
beef straight away
give it a good seer with the base of you spoon
bring your
onions and peppers over the top, give it a quick toss
and then back on the heat, don't lose your sizzle
get your sauce in there, little bit of oyster sauce
one to two tablespoons max
either third of a can or half a bottle of
beer straight in
high heat, let is sizzle away, get all that flavour of the bottom of the pan
let that bubble away vigorously and a little dash of dark soya sauce
if you need it, just for colour, mix that through
a little, you can see you now the consistency of the sauce
just that smooth, dripping consistency
we're done!
Right serve up, you'll see that beautiful colour from the red pepper
that black bean flavour is going to give you that hit
your black bean beef in beer. want to learn
things similar to this mouth-watering beef?
come for an understanding the wok class at the school of wok
oriental cuisine